# Design Implementation
Blood Sugar Stabilization is a web page that is designed for Type-1 Diabetics to view their blood sugars, in a way that allows them to easiliy access their data through Dexcom with their API. If allotted more time and with greater skill with these programming languages, I would make it so that a user's blood sugar would be permanently stored in a database (going beyond the three months that Dexcom allows for). Just having the ability to view your blood sugars by day allows users to make insulin ratio decisions that help them control better control them health. 

For the design, I took inspiration from our CS50 PSET Finance and chose to use a similar navigation bar. This time, I added another personal discription form to add character to the web page and added links to allow users to change passwords and change description forms. I added a web page to show the about description for the project as a whole and my passioon for type-1 diabetes and an account page that displays the users account details. The entire web page was in different shades of blue to represent universal symbol for type-1 diabetes. 

Most importantly was the design for the analyze page. I included two datefields, one start and one end field, to allow the user to choose two dates from which they want blood sugar access for. Upon submission to this form, the user is redireceted to the Dexcom API to have the page be authenticated to access their Dexcom blood sugars. Once the user is logged into Dexcom and is authenticated, the two dates are sent to the API and returned is a massive dataset of blood sugar values, carbohydrate intakes, and insulin values. My program reads this data, sorts it by each day between the selected dates, and stores all of it into an SQL database to be accessed easily and to be displayed dynamically through HTML with Javascript and Flask. To have the page print out all the graphs, I used Chart.js (as I really liked how simple the design was for the project and how easy it seemed to actually implement). For each day that existed, through Javascript I made it so that new elements (like charts and labels) were created and were added into the body using a for loop. Within this I was able to create a line graph for my glucose values and made bar charts for each one of my carbs and insulin values. On the graph, through Chart.js, I was able to color code the values as green represents blood sugars in range (80-180 mg/dL), yellow/orange for high blood sugars values (>180 mg/dL) and red for low blood sugar values (<80 mg/dL). Before each time new data was inputted into the SQL database, I made sure to clear all the data in the table to avoid clashing values; however, this might be changed in future renditions of the project to allow users to permenantly store their blood sugar values.  
